LuNa Project Documentation
1. System Design and Architecture
Overview
LuNa is a social media web application designed to facilitate user interactions while adhering to Meta community guidelines. The platform offers users the ability to post, like, comment, and engage with AI-driven features for chatting and content generation.

Architecture Diagram
(Include a visual diagram here showing the architecture of LuNa, highlighting components such as the client, server, database, and AI integration.)

Component Details
Frontend:

Technology: HTML, Tailwind CSS, Vanilla JavaScript
Features: User interface for posts, likes, comments, AI chat, and content generation.
Backend:

Technology: Flask (Python)
Features: Manages user data, posts, comments, likes, and AI interactions.
Database:

System: PostgreSQL (or another chosen database)
Schema: Stores user profiles, posts, comments, likes, and other relevant data.
AI Integration:

Model: Gemini LLM
Function: Checks for violations of Meta community guidelines, supports AI chat, and generates content.
2. Instructions for Deploying and Using the System
Prerequisites
Software:
Python 3.x
Node.js and npm
PostgreSQL (or alternative database system)
Installation
Clone the Repository:

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/your-repo/luna.git
cd luna
Set Up Backend:

Navigate to the backend directory.
Install dependencies:
bash
Copy code
pip install -r requirements.txt
Set Up Frontend:

Navigate to the frontend directory.
Install dependencies:
bash
Copy code
npm install
Configuration:

Create a .env file in the backend directory and add necessary environment variables (e.g., database URL, AI model keys).
Deployment
Database Setup:

Initialize the database and run migrations.
Example command:
bash
Copy code
python manage.py migrate
Start the Server:

Run the backend server:

bash
Copy code
python app.py
Run the frontend development server:

bash
Copy code
npm start
Usage
Access the Application:

Open your browser and navigate to http://localhost:3000 to use the application.
Features:

Post, Like, and Comment: Interact with posts, like and comment on content.
AI Chat: Engage in conversations with AI.
Content Generation: Use AI to generate content.
3. Explanation of the Algorithms and Models Used
Real-Time Messaging
Protocol: WebSockets
Description: WebSockets provide a persistent connection between the client and server, enabling real-time communication.
AI Integration
Model: Gemini LLM
Function:
Guideline Checking: Detects and flags content that violates Meta community guidelines.
AI Chat: Allows users to interact with AI for various queries.
Content Generation: Assists in generating new content based on user inputs.
4. Limitations and Potential Improvements
Limitations:
Scalability:

Handling a high volume of concurrent users and posts may pose challenges.
Performance:

AI-driven features might introduce latency in content generation and guideline checking.
Potential Improvements:
Scalability Solutions:

Implement load balancing and explore cloud-based solutions for better performance.
Performance Optimization:

Optimize AI model interactions and WebSocket performance.
Feature Enhancements:

Expand AI capabilities, add multimedia support, and improve user interface based on feedback.
Final Report
1. Summary of the Approach and Methodologies Used
Project Goals
LuNa aims to provide a social media platform that adheres to Meta community guidelines while offering advanced AI-driven features for chat and content creation.

Methodologies:
Development Approach:

Agile development with iterative enhancements and feedback integration.
Design Patterns:

MVC (Model-View-Controller) for backend management.
Component-based architecture for frontend development.
2. Results and Performance Analysis
Results:
Successfully integrated real-time messaging and AI functionalities.
Developed a user-friendly interface that supports social interactions and AI engagement.
Performance Analysis:
Response Time:

Real-time interactions and content generation are generally responsive.
Throughput:

Handles a moderate number of users and interactions effectively.
Resource Usage:

Efficient in memory and CPU usage, with potential areas for optimization.
3. Reflection on Challenges Faced and How They Were Overcome
Challenges:
AI Integration:
Ensuring accurate guideline checking and responsive AI interactions.
Solutions:
Implemented robust validation and testing for AI models.
Optimized server and AI model interactions to minimize latency.
4. Recommendations for Future Improvements
Future Work:
Scalability Enhancements:

Explore distributed architectures and cloud-based solutions to handle increased load.
Feature Development:

Introduce additional AI features and support for diverse content types.
User Experience:

Refine the user interface based on feedback and usability studies.
